[pl]Remeber to put your initials in square brackets at rthe start of each section

[dm]Assassins Creed in Space
[dm]Scott, Daniel, Leon

Elevator pitch 
Describe your game in 30 seconds or less
[LN] Assassins Creed but instead of the protagonist projecting their mind to the past, they project their mind to the future to stop the templars from taking control over the time space continuum.
You sabotage, infiltrate, and assassinate top secret targets in space stations, on planet surfaces, and in the vast emptiness of space itself. Make use of jetpacks, active camouflage technology, railguns, and solid-light blades to find the best way to take out your targets, and save humanity from the evil plans of your foes.
...
World Background
main differences in your game world
[LN] The Templar order has infiltrated the global space agency, and the good-guy assassins need to thwart and take out the Templar's evil agents all across the Solar System. The Templar's hold control over the main bases of moons and planets, which you need to infiltrate
and rid of the Templars' influnece one by one. But you need to do so with equipment that the assassin order has placed in secret locations all over earth and the moon before you can face the most powerful yet to appear in the Assassins Creed series: The Templar Dreadnought.
The Dreadnought is a giant space-faring mech that has the power to manipulate time and space using the energy of the Sun. Should the mech  be finished, the Templars will have total control over the Space-Time-Continuum and eradicate the assassin order for good.
...
Pillars
3-4 fundementals of this game
[LN] Gripping story, exhilirating space combat, equipment collection and management, Realistic Sci-Fi Stealth mechanics
...
30 second gameplay description
describe what its like to play the essence of the game loop
[SM] 
[LN] The Templars have placed one of their agents as the head engineer of the Super ISS, and you are flown in a shuttle to a location in the orbit of the Station. In your space suit, you wait for the arrival of the Super ISS in the darkness of space and use a solid-light sling to hook yourself to the flying-by space station.
One astronaut is on a space walk, you use the opportunity to slip into the station using the active camouflage system you picked up during the last mission. On the station, your main goal is to stay undetected. You slip into the the evil head engineers sleeping module, and once the opportunity arises, eject him out into space by opening an emergency exit. 
Without a space suit, the engineer dies in space within seconds, mission complete.
Features points
Your beloved assassins creed franchise but in space, free run on different planets, 
large scale worlds with multiple different planets, plasma swords, open space combat.
[SM]
Market analysis
similar games , typical customer, expected sales
